Al: Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season.
Al: My name is Al.
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cod score games.
Al: Woo, hopefully less sad than last week.
Kevin: Woo!
Kevin: I was about to say, the key is to, well, look, I have to follow up last week's episode.
Kevin: They, you know, I'm, I'm, it's an uphill battle, to say the least.
Al: Not everyone wants a sad episode, so we'll do a happy episode.
Kevin: Well, we can't promise that either.
Al: I don't know.
Al: We don't have to talk about the layoffs in the games industry because, you know, everyone else is doing that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: We don't need to talk about that.
Kevin: Yeah, don't don't worry about it.
Kevin: What's nice is cottage core, because it's so indie.
Al: We...
Kevin: There's not layoffs.
Kevin: I mean, you know, they might crash and burn, but that's that's them.
Al: Yeah, that's that's a very good point.
Al: There's there's not a huge number of of large of Kochiko games being made by large publishers.
Al: So yeah, that is a good point.
Kevin: Concerned a pronouncing mass layoffs.
Al: Dude could probably pay for his current development team for the rest of his life and still have plenty money.
Kevin: He probably could.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: There's a reason he's not selling anything just now.
Kevin: Yeah, no, he's, he's fine. That, onto chocolatier can take as long as it wants and he's not, he doesn't care.
Al: You know?
Al: But I think it's, I think this is the thing, right?
Al: Like, I think he's proof.
Al: If you have a popular game and you don't care about profit, you can just keep making game, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, this is the thing is that I think the problem with all the hero was saying, we're not going to talk about the layoffs.
Al: I think the thing is, right, if you look at what Xbox said was, oh, we have a very small profitability margin.
Al: It's 3%.
Al: They're making 3% profit.
Al: They're not making a loss.
Al: They're making a profit and they're still laying off people and it's like, oh, it's only 3% profit.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Al: So what you're saying is you can pay for all of the people who you're employing and making games and the games that they're making, they sell to make more than their make their costing to cover, but it's not making enough profit.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: This is what drives me insane about our society.
Kevin: That's. It's.
Al: It's like, you don't just have to cover your cost.
Al: You have to make more money.
Kevin: Yes, and and it has me more money than last year and so on and so forth.
Al: Yes.
Al: Ah.
Kevin: It's yeah, no, you're absolutely right.
Kevin: That's that's the killer part that makes me sick to my stomach.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Kevin: Um, Because yeah, like Xbox is probably.
Al: And the problem is that like, People people will be like, oh, well, all these people being laid off, they'll just go start making indie games, but the problem is you need money to do that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's hard.
Al: I
Kevin: That's very hard, actually.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Like, yeah, sure, someone like concerned Abe can do it because he's did the thing.
Kevin: Yep. Yes.
Al: He made the game.
Al: He made the money.
Al: Now he has the money to make the another game.
Al: The problem is that that starting off thing is really hard.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And most people in the games industry are not rich.
Kevin: It's.
Kevin: Even if you did manage to actually make an indie game and it comes out and everything goes well, to hit that point of success where you can keep chugging along without worrying, that's still really, really hard.
Kevin: Like one% of one%.
Al: Yeah, who was, was it the, um, was it the, um, who are the people that make Mina the Hollower and, uh, yeah, so did they not say that if Mina the Hollower didn't sell well, they were done?
Kevin: Yacht club.
Al: I think they were saying they were they were in financial trouble if they didn't sell well.
Kevin: Uh, I.
Al: It did, so they're fine.
Kevin: I didn't hear that, but I, yeah, I didn't, I didn't hear that, but I believe it.
Al: I think...
Kevin: I mean, they've spent a lot of money.
Kevin: They've put out a lot of stuff.
Kevin: Um, and but I don't, you know, capturing the shovel night success.
Kevin: Thats hard, so I wouldn't be surprised.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Man, but going back to the whole thing, like not making enough profit.
Kevin: One of the ones that really sticks out to me is Disney.
Kevin: Um, in the, in the 2010s, Disney was doing this big, big video game push, that's when we had Disney Infinity and a whole bunch of other stuff.
Kevin: Um, and they were profitable, but same thing.
Kevin: They, it just wasn't profitable enough for them.
Kevin: So they said, you know what, forget it.
Kevin: kill it.
Kevin: ending everything.
Kevin: And that's why we don't have any more Disney games.
Kevin: So, yay.
Al: Yeah, yeah, well exactly.
Al: Yeah, so I double checked.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: So yeah, the co-founder of Yacht Club said that if they sold 100,000 copies, that is not good and it's make or break for them.
Al: He said, if we sold 200,000, that would be really good if we sold 500,000, that we would be golden. And in the 1st 3 days, they sold 300,000.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: So they were fine.
Al: But I just, I think it just does show you, yeah, like even, even small teams can get into these problems, right?
Kevin: So they're good.
Al: Because, um, I mean, I don't, I don't have any information about, for example, the Holo Knight developers, but I wouldn't be surprised if they had been in a similar situation where if Silk Song had not sold well.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Hard.
Al: They would have been in trouble because it's been so long since Hollow Night came out.
Kevin: Maybe.
Al: You know, you got to keep the money coming in.
Kevin: Yeah, but it's also 2 people, so you know, three, I think, whatever.
Kevin: So...
Al: Sure, sure, but like, I thi- yes, yes and yes and no.
Kevin: No, no, I get your point.
Kevin: I get your point.
Kevin: Like, I'm, I'm, Heckling.
Al: I think these things aren't, I think if they were trying to live off the money they made from Holland Night, then probably yes, but the problem is there's lots of expenses of running a company, right?
Kevin: Yep.
Al: Like the amount of money one needs to retire is very different from the amount of money one needs to run a company and make a game and sell it.
Al: You know, like those are 22 different things.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's hard.
Kevin: Making games.
Al: Anyway, fun times.
Kevin: It's hard.
Al: That's all we're gonna talk about with the layoffs.
Al: We're going to go onto more stuff.
Al: We are going to have a quick discussion this episode about DLCs and updates because there's been a lot of talk about DLCs and updates recently, and I want to talk to Kevin about why we play some of them and we don't play others because...
Kevin: Yeah, you know, this time for deep introspection.
Al: Because this is.
Kevin: Judgements we didn't know we had.
Al: Yeah, so I'm not going to say, I was going to say because, but then I realised, no, that's the topic.
Al: So I'm going to leave that for the topic.
Al: Before that, we have quite a bit of news.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: We're going to get through all that, some big news as well.
Al: First up, Kevin.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: What have you been up to?
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Oh, let's see.
Kevin: So when I had can and been able to read, you know, play a game, um, I keep, I've been chipping away at Ozma.
Kevin: Um, wow, that game, that game is way bigger than I thought.
Kevin: I get the 50 hour game game play time now.
Kevin: I see it like it's you really feel that games open up.
Al: What, you said that?
Al: Were you sitting that timewise?
Kevin: I'm sorry?
Kevin: Uh, that's a good question.
Kevin: I have to check.
Kevin: I don't know, but, um, and it's really interesting because there's, it's very plot heavy, but much like cottage core games.
Kevin: There's no real pressure to to go to the plot.
Kevin: Um, or you can kind of do whatever you want.
Kevin: kind of like starter, right?
Kevin: You want to spend time farming, going out fishing, whatever you want.
Kevin: Um, it's, it's very interesting that there's, there's no time pressure. So of any kind, really.
Kevin: There's not even really seasons.
Kevin: There is like a calendar, but it doesn't matter other than like birthdays.
Kevin: Um, But uh, but yeah, no, I'm enjoying it.
Kevin: It's it's good.
Kevin: It's expanding opening up the characters learning about them.
Kevin: It's good stuff.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, Hazuma continues to deliver.
Al: My pro. My problem with games is never them pressuring me to finish the game.
Al: It's my brain that's pressuring me to finish the game.
Kevin: Oh, well, yeah, there you go.
Kevin: There you go.
Kevin: There's that.
Kevin: And then there's that.
Kevin: Yeah, no, no, I get that.
Al: It was like when, even with big games where I'm playing like Breath of the Wild, Dirties of the Kingdom or something like that, and I'm like, enjoying exploding things and going through stuff, and then suddenly I'm like, no, no, I need to finish this now.
Al: This is this is it, is make or break now.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: I finish this or I'm done.
Kevin: Yep, or sometimes the next big release is right there.
Kevin: So like, okay, I got to finish this or I'm not going to be finishing this, right?
Al: Yep.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I get it.
Kevin: I get it.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: But yeah, no, I was my good stuff.
Kevin: I, I really think the, the whole like, village does all the stuff for you too is really interesting because like you can, you farm without actually having to do the farming part.
Kevin: Um, it's wild.
Kevin: Um, you know, I don't know, good stuff.
Kevin: Um, I've also been, uh, playing away at, uh, discounty, the, the actual reason we did that, said this update episode, like, because the, the big DLC update dropped, um, the profits or people or whatever.
Kevin: So I've been hacking away at that.
Kevin: Obviously, uh, or spoilers, like I'm going to do an episode going deep diving into that.
Kevin: Um, but I will say this.
Kevin: Um, the crazy thing about the discounted DLC, like because it's, it's chapter 4, you know, it's appended at the end, like I go in and I have to suddenly remember all the stuff I have to do, like, uh, you know, because your LA game.
Kevin: So you know, your store is big and you have all these systems and the times you have to get back into the cadence of that. And that takes a minute.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Yeah, put a pin on that because I definitely have some thoughts on that.
Al: So we'll talk about that in the main episode.
Kevin: Oh, for sure.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: The main topic.
Kevin: Um, yeah, yeah, no, for sure.
Kevin: Um, I think that's roughly all that's been going on my end.
Kevin: What about you, Al?
Kevin: What's up?
Al: All right, well, speaking of things that we're probably going to talk about in a future episode, I've been playing bistro.
Al: So this is the game we talked about last episode that had been announced about.
Al: It was a cooking game.
Al: I can't remember how it was described on Steam.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Let me just double check.
Kevin: The furry version of that one piece game.
Al: A cosy culinary adventure with the fate of the world rests on what's for dinner.
Al: Farm and gather fresh ingredients tackle, cooking mini games, and create tasty recipes to fuel the caretakers for deck building battles as they seek to save the world.
Al: So interestingly, I think I didn't really pay attention to that as I was saying it.
Al: There's a lot in this game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: This game is so much bigger than I was expecting it to be.
Al: So it's going to be interesting to see how that continues.
Al: I'm going to give myself a lot of time on it.
Al: I'm not just going to decide either way.
Al: Um, but yeah, it's uh, it's a lot like I was expecting like a bunch of a bunch of cooking mini games and then you're like, you know, farming and gathering and then you do the more farming mini games and that's kind of kind of it, but it's a lot more than that a lot.
Kevin: Fishing and, you know.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I can see.
Al: So, yeah.
Kevin: You're farming at a bathtubs.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll, it's interesting.
Al: And I'll probably leave it at that and we'll we'll have more to talk about that later.
Kevin: All right, I look forward to it.
Kevin: Um, I will say I like the, uh, little character designs.
Kevin: How one has like these, like, well, at least the protagonist has like big shoulder broad chest or so, but then like tiny, like, pencil legs that and then like a little point.
Kevin: Um good stuff.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm interested to hear about it.
Kevin: Cool.
Kevin: Well, do you like it so far?
Al: Yes?
Kevin: Good enough.
Al: It's, it's, it's hard.
Al: I don't, I don't feel the urge to like constantly be playing it like I do with some games.
Al: And because there's a lot of different things.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Al: I think I'm feeling the same thing as you did when you went back to Des County, which is like constantly changing what I'm doing.
Al: It's hard to get my mind around like, 0 yeah, what is it?
Al: I doing this bit.
Al: Um, I don't think I'm far enough in to make a conclusion about whether I'm enjoying it because I'm still learning new stuff.
Kevin: Hmm.
Al: So it's it kind of feels like, you know, in a Pokemon game before your 1st gym battle, right?
Kevin: Okay, sure.
Kevin: Mm.
Al: Like I don't, I don't really feel like I'm, I'm far enough that I can say that I'm enjoying it yet.
Al: And that's hard because like cottage score games don't tend to have that.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Once you're through the tutorial.
Al: It's like you're either enjoying yourself or you're not, right?
Al: But the tutorial just feels a lot longer because there's so much more to it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I'm hoping I'm hoping I get over that hump and then I just get obsessed with it like I do other games.
Kevin: You know, there's a lot of mechanics.
Al: We'll see.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: All right.
Al: Let's talk about some news.
Al: Boop be-doo.
Kevin: It's been happening.
Al: I just gave us a little jing.
Kevin: the regular one.
Al: I gave us a little news jingle there, apparently.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Sorry.
Al: First up, Farlands.
Al: No, no, it was me that did it.
Al: Farlands.
Al: One.0 release coming out on the 16th of July.
Al: It's releasing on all major platforms.
Al: They don't list what the major platforms are.
Kevin: Cool, it's.
Kevin: Well, I, um.
Kevin: Well, yeah, you know, that's that is a shame.
Kevin: They probably should.
Kevin: Is it play date?
Kevin: Are they going to snub the play date?
Kevin: Um...
Kevin: Yeah, let's see, they come out a new planet.
Al: So PS5, PS4, Switch, and then obviously Xbox and Windows as well.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Al: Don't see Matt.
Kevin: No, Apple Arcade.
Al: Uh, yeah, so that's their, they're coming at one.
Al: 0 on the so coming out of early access on the 16th of July.
Kevin: Cool.
Kevin: Yeah, they, it looks like they finished the story and I'm just reading over the, the, the notes.
Kevin: There's a final planet.
Kevin: There's post game, achievements, improved controller support.
Kevin: You probably want that if you're coming to all the major platforms.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, um, and a whole bunch of other stuff.
Kevin: Um, Cool.
Kevin: Good for you.
Kevin: They hit the, they're hitting the finish line.
Kevin: Uh, well, I picked this up.
Kevin: I don't know, but good for them.
Al: Carl Island have released their one.
Al: 3 Ocean and Kisses update.
Kevin: Oh, wait, I missed this news.
Kevin: Hold it.
Kevin: What is going on here?
Kevin: It'd be exciting.
Kevin: I did.
Al: So a little summary of their of how their updates have gone.
Al: Their one.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: 2 update came out last year and then they were going to do their one.
Al: 3 update, but the problem was they, there were a few features that weren't ready, but they still wanted to get a release out.
Al: So they released one.
Al: 2 B.
Kevin: Oh, that's right.
Al: But then they decided that there was still a feature that they couldn't get into one.
Al: 3.
Al: I think it's the kids growing up feature.
Kevin: One point. One.
Al: So that is going to come out in one.
Kevin: 2 B2.
Al: 4 now, not one.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: 3.3.
Al: So, one.
Al: 3 now comes out with 2 new dateable MPCs, including Agang, who is one of the mirror four.
Kevin: He's the mermaid.
Kevin: is the hot guy, mermaid.
Al: I mean, there's lots of mermaids, but yes, he is a he is a hot guy mermaid.
Kevin: I mean, they're all hot people.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Uh, Rayna, who is one of the baddies in the game, if you will.
Al: She, she, she...
Kevin: Both definitions.
Al: Nice.
Al: Uh, yeah, she she runs the um, the company that's trying to take over or she doesn't run it.
Al: She's a worker for them.
Al: She's not, she doesn't own it.
Al: I think she's an admin person, maybe.
Al: I lose track.
Al: It's been a while since I played it.
Al: But yeah, so interesting.
Al: Um, that's how that's going.
Al: I don't think I ever got to the point where I closed down the company, so I don't know what she does after that happened.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Yeah, it's it's what's his face from Stardew?
Kevin: guys, he works for JoJo.
Al: Yeah, but, well, it feels different because like, I think the thing is that Georgia Mart, there are people who work for Georgia Mart in the village, but that's because they're in, they live in the village and they need jobs, whereas I think Reina moves to the island to work for the company.
Kevin: A job, yeah.
Kevin: Ah, okay.
Kevin: Well, I mean, because.
Kevin: Well, uh, well, um, relocation happens, but still, I mean, is she Morris, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Like that's the question.
Kevin: Can you date Morris?
Kevin: That's the real question.
Al: No, that so that's that would be Karen.
Al: She is, she's the one who...
Kevin: Right.
Kevin: Wait, literally okay.
Kevin: That's awesome
Al: She is she is not romantable.
Kevin: Shit.
Kevin: Oh, well, Howard, come on, concerned that you can still do it.
Kevin: Let me let me smooch up Morris.
Al: I enjoy this.
Al: It says on the Coral Island fandom wiki.
Al: It says relationships for Reina, player, acquaintances having met inside of the pufferfish office.
Al: Karen, Rayna's Bosch, relationship status unknown.
Al: Just like the implication that there could be something there.
Al: You don't know.
Kevin: Or you just don't want to comment it on it like you, you know, you do with your actual boss.
Al: So, yeah, um, I think, yeah, okay, maybe you're right.
Al: Maybe I'm thinking about this all wrong.
Al: Maybe I'm just think of it.
Al: Maybe we should just think of it as she's just an employee of the company and why should that matter?
Al: It just feel.
Al: I don't know why, but like when I'm playing the game, it feels different because she's not the like main representative, but she does feel more like she cares about the company than does anyone who works at Georgia.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well.
Kevin: Well, she would, she would because like you said, I mean, it does make a difference.
Kevin: Like I said, maybe she moved there for her job, but that's still like her primary like thing, right?
Kevin: Like that's her whole reason, though, the job.
Kevin: So that's why she'd care about it.
Kevin: She doesn't have a history with the town or particularly has to care about the townspeople or, you know, if she's just meeting them.
Al: Yeah.
Al: But that's but that's my point.
Kevin: So.
Al: That why it feels different.
Kevin: Yeah, no, yeah, that's exactly why, yeah.
Kevin: Um, I will, yeah.
Al: Yeah, I don't know
Kevin: I will say the name Ocean and Kiss is update is kind of stupid because isn't that the whole game?
Kevin: Isn't that the premise?
Al: Yeah, I talked about, I talked about this when they announced the, the, the name of it.
Kevin: The point for buying the game?
Al: I'm like, this is just like 2 things shoved together and they're 2 completely generic things because it also adds a bunch of stuff for the Merfolk system, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It adds to some festivals and some other chapters of story with them.
Al: It just like, okay.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: This is Stardew announcing a crops and mining update.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So there's a lot of stuff in this update.
Al: I don't think there's anything like fundamental to it.
Kevin: Oh, wait, you can now kiss and hug other player characters.
Kevin: That's something.
Al: As I say, I don't think there's anything fundamental here.
Kevin: I I would argue.
Al: It does add in-game wedding anniversaries.
Al: So that's interesting.
Kevin: That's cool, actually.
Al: Also, you could previously ask romanceables on hangouts, whereas now they can ask you.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, that's so good.
Al: Out.
Al: So I do kind of like that.
Kevin: Man.
Al: That's quite cool.
Kevin: That should be a thing.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Al: Oh, this is the other thing to talk about.
Kevin: I love that.
Al: There is now a jealousy system.
Kevin: Oh, hold it, hold it.
Al: So, Romanceable MPCs react when the player grows closer to other potential partners.
Kevin: Now they're cooking.
Kevin: Okay, hold it, Corolla, then maybe you can finally will be able, you've baited the hook properly this time.
Al: So there's a few things to talk about here, and then there's one really interesting thing at the end that I really like.
Al: We'll get there.
Al: So a few things that work in this jealousy system.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: So, 1st of all, if you give both, so there's 2 there's 2 sisters, if you give them both a locket and you've seen both 10 heart cut scenes, give giving a gift to one of them triggers the jealousy from the other one.
Kevin: That's good.
Al: After marriage, jealousy triggers if you invite or gift another romanceable NPC of the same gender as your spouse.
Al: Not sure how I feel about that.
Kevin: Mm, mm, what?
Al: That feels a little homophobic.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, yeah, okay, yes.
Al: Like, it's all right if they're the same gender as you, that's that's okay.
Kevin: Yeah, all right, yeah.
Kevin: But.
Kevin: Okay, well, well, no, but let's say this, right?
Al: That's not how cheating works.
Kevin: Like, from their perspective, like, you're okay dating their gender, so they're, you know, if there were something to be more jealous of, like that, that's where the, the logical 1st step, right?
Kevin: Like, maybe you haven't had this discussion.
Kevin: Maybe, you know, maybe they don't fully know your, your preferences.
Kevin: I'm just saying, like, at least, right?
Kevin: Like if I'm dating someone and they start talking to another guy.
Kevin: Okay, like I know they're interested in guys, presumably, right?
Kevin: So, like, okay, there.
Al: Yeah.
Al: It just, yeah, I know, I know.
Kevin: There's a logic.
Kevin: But, yeah, but I see what you're saying.
Al: I just feel like it's, it's one of those things that's like, it's, it's pretty common, for example, for like men to be like, oh, I, you know, I don't want you cheating on me, but if you want to, you know, have, you know, be with a woman, then that's fine with me because they don't really treat it as the same thing.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right, you're right.
Al: They don't really treat lesbian relationships as equal.
Al: And so it doesn't really matter to them.
Kevin: You're right, you're super right about that.
Al: And also they, you know, they find it, you know, they're attracted to it a bit and it all just feels a little bit. I just find it weird that it's like the jealousy only triggers if you're giving a gift to someone of the opposite or the same gender as them.
Kevin: Mm.
Kevin: That's a good point.
Kevin: Yeah, you know what?
Kevin: Yeah, you that's an excellent point.
Kevin: Yeah, I know you're you're right.
Kevin: Good stuff.
Kevin: Well, look, they're trying.
Kevin: Maybe they'll fix.
Kevin: they can patch that later.
Al: New jealousy cut scenes play at the tavern after you've watched 4 romanceable MPC's 10 heart cut scenes.
Kevin: Whoa.
Al: So it's the same as the thing in Stardew, where if you've if you're dating them all, they come together.
Kevin: Whoa, that's pretty cool.
Al: So it's the same sort of thing.
Kevin: I think that Stardew had that, oh, that...
Al: Includes a cold shoulder state where the NPC cannot be interacted with plus attention seeking behaviour from your spouse if you neglect kisses, gifts, or birthdays for too long.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Oh, they going in deep.
Kevin: Oh, I applaud him for that.
Al: So a lot of toxic behaviour happening in here and we could talk about how maybe it's better to like talk about these things rather than just ignoring your partner if you think they're not treating you well.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Personally, I think that communication is good.
Al: But here's what I really...
Kevin: But that's hard to programme.
Al: Here's what I really like about this.
Al: You can turn off the jealousy in the settings.
Kevin: Yeah, if it gets a little too real.
Al: I mean, I legitimately think this is great because like I understand why some people would like this because it like makes real makes things feel more real life.
Al: Um, but also it could be triggering for some people and as you say, escapism and like we've talked about how sometimes marriage in these games feels endgame rather than like just part of the process, which, you know, anyone who's married in real life and is actually a decent person will know that marriage is not the endgame.
Kevin: Escapism.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It's just a continuation of the process.
Al: And if anything, things might get more hard then because there's more you have to deal with and that's that's, you know, something.
Kevin: Mhm.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: You're not in postgame out?
Kevin: I thought that's what kids were.
Kevin: I thought kids were the post game.
Al: But.
Kevin: Usually is.
Al: But yeah, I personally don't think I would use have this in the game because it just feels like it's going to add...
Kevin: Oh, yeah, no, you're well, see, here we go.
Kevin: This is the duality of man right here. Like, you're you're you're turning it off and I'm over here rubbing my hands like, okay, you you caught my attention at the very least, like.
Al: But this is but this is why it's good.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: This is why the setting is good.
Kevin: Options are good.
Al: Like, I do more of this.
Al: Absolutely.
Al: Do more of this, mate.
Al: if people want more realism in these games.
Al: Absolutely. Give them it, just give me an option to turn it off.
Al: am totally fine with that.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Al: is the perfect way to go about it.
Kevin: It is. Also, that does seem like kind of work, so good for them that they want that trouble.
Kevin: Um, I, and like in a more serious note, like, I do think doing this at all is really cool.
Kevin: Obviously, it's not going to be for everyone, like you said, but we haven't really seen this, right?
Kevin: Like, too much jealousy systems or whatever or going all in, calling it a system.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, there's definitely been some things, like there's a little bit of it in Stardew, as we've discussed.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Um, I think if you, like, if you're married and Stardew and you try and date someone else, then issues come there and stuff like that.
Kevin: Issues happen, yeah.
Al: But yeah, there's not a lot.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: So that's cool.
Kevin: No, I applaud them for that.
Kevin: That is substantial.
Kevin: Good for you, Coral Island, doing interesting things, actually.
Kevin: Good for you.
Al: see if there's anything else I was.
Al: Oh yes, you can now save manually.
Kevin: Only only took 3 patches after one point.
Kevin: Oh
Al: You can also have multiple different safe slots, so I think you can, like, save scum if you want.
Kevin: Oh, sick, reroll that jelly sea system.
Al: Look, I think it's I think I think there's no reason not to have this.
Al: I do think a lot of games do it really badly where it's like every time you go to save, you have to like manually select a save file and it's like you can accidentally overwrite other ones and stuff like that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I'm like, I just want the default to be, it just saves.
Al: Right?
Al: And I don't have to think about anything.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: But if I want to do something more, then let me do something more.
Al: But yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Al: I haven't actually looked at how this works.
Kevin: Wow, 8.
Al: I haven't played the game recently, so I haven't.
Kevin: Eight. Eight save slots and you can do it anywhere, anytime.
Kevin: That's good.
Kevin: You don't have to go to your bed.
Al: Yeah, so it seems to be, so there's 10, 10 saves, and each save can have 8 slots.
Al: So it's calling them 10 character slots, so you can have like 10 different things, different islands, I guess.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It says character slots because I guess you've got your character per game.
Al: So like you can have 10 different villages and then within each of those villages.
Al: You can have 8 different save files for each of those.
Kevin: Oh, that's a lot of save options.
Al: It is, it is.
Kevin: Good for them.
Kevin: No, that's good.
Al: Manual save can be triggered anywhere, anytime into any slot up to 8 manual saves per character slot.
Al: Auto save triggers when entering a building, the mines are going diving, before entering and leaving a festival, before a cut scene, and when teleporting.
Kevin: Cool.
Al: It has a 62nd cool down between saves and can be toggled in settings again.
Al: Any save can be loaded from the escape menu under load game.
Al: And this is all only for single player stuff, multiplayers, more complicated.
Kevin: That's all.
Kevin: Sure, makes sense.
Kevin: I save scum your friends.
Al: Oh, one other nice thing.
Al: See what happens when we start reading all the patch notes.
Al: We start noticing lots of little things.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Let's stop after this one.
Al: In multiplayer, you can choose to sleep to regain stamina while your other friends keep playing.
Al: Don't the game doesn't end unless everybody's...
Kevin: That's great.
Kevin: You could learn a thing or 2 in Minecraft.
Al: So yeah, that's that's nice.
Kevin: Good for you.
Al: There's a whole bunch of really good quality of life improvements and some new romancibles, which is always good, especially some that don't look like children.
Al: Just saying.
Kevin: That's, yeah, you know what?
Kevin: Yeah, we're at a point. we are at a point where good for you.
Al: Should be the bare minimum.
Al: Next up, Moonlight and Garland.
Kevin: Yeah, but.
Al: They have released version 2.0 L.
Al: I don't know why. Moonlighting Garden insists on having a letter at the end of their version numbers.
Al: Every single time.
Al: And it's a different letter each time.
Kevin: It's a secret.
Kevin: It's a secret code once they hit, uh, 5.0.
Al: What?
Kevin: They'll spell the secret message to open to find me under the truck.
Al: It's like an.
Al: Is it like a numbers, uh, station.
Al: Do you know about number stations?
Kevin: Uh, tell me, I probably do, but then.
Al: So number stations are things that they think started in the Cold War, but there's a lot of secrecy around them.
Al: They're basically radio frequencies where they will read out numbers or words that seem completely arbitrary, but will make sense to someone who has the right code.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I just numbers.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So it's like that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: They're spelling something out in their version number updates.
Kevin: Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
Kevin: That's exactly what it is.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Um, There, This, I don't think, has anything particularly humungous.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: One thing, seeing as how we've been talking about relationships is that if you break up a relationship, you are in a relationship limbo for a while before you can rebuild.
Kevin: Hmm.
Kevin: That's cool.
Kevin: Oh my gosh, Skyright, it's over.
Al: I think Stardew has that as well, where if you, if you, if you divorce, you can't get back to that person, unless you get the witch to erase their,
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, you got to do some shenanigans for that, yeah.
Al: Which is, oh boy, that's a very obsession of you.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I was about to say, based on the current hit theatre obsession.
Al: Um
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Um, and another interesting thing is you can override the current weather.
Al: I'm going to need more information on this.
Kevin: That's.
Kevin: That's uh, somewhat terrifying, but okay.
Al: It does just sound like it's just a setting.
Al: You can just change the weather if you want, which brings up a whole bunch of questions because like I do like choice.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: That's quite a quite a choice.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: I, that's probably the best way.
Kevin: Just don't worry about it.
Kevin: There's no in-game explanation words.
Kevin: Just, just, it's fine.
Kevin: Don't worry about it
Kevin: Still not a big kind of the art style, but whatever.
Kevin: It's fine.
Al: Yeah, I think that's the biggest thing that I just, I'm not a huge fan of how it looks.
Kevin: Okay, go ahead.
Al: And that's why I've never, and maybe that's unfair.
Al: I don't know.
Kevin: No, I mean, it's a preference.
Kevin: It's a subjective preference.
Kevin: We're allowed to not live.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, sure, sure.
Al: Next up, we have Dolek Town.
Al: They have released their workshop update.
Al: So this is Steam Workshop.
Al: So for people who aren't aware, that is official mod support.
Al: Yeah, I don't I don't know if there's much more to say about that.
Kevin: Well, finally, we're gonna get the...
Al: I agree.
Kevin: Yeah, and finally, someone, someone is working on officially releasing the the Shrek Dulok Town support or mod.
Al: Cool.
Kevin: Now we can finally play.
Al: And they're also running a contest for mods.
Al: So if you have a fun mod, if you want to make a fun mod for Dolek Town, you can enter the competition, ends on the 13th of July.
Kevin: Do you mod?
Kevin: That's cool.
Kevin: That is cool, actually, um, supporting it to that degree.
Kevin: Do you mod much?
Kevin: Are you a mod guy?
Al: I do not mod much now.
Al: I think we ended up
Al: I think me and Rochelle ended up having a conversation about this years ago on the pod.
Al: I don't mod much now.
Al: I used to mod Minecraft all the time.
Al: Like that was my when I was in university playing Minecraft at all hours.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: I would mod that to ridiculous degrees.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, that's the game.
Kevin: That's the game for it.
Al: And, you know, this way of no surprise, but most of my mods were about more automation of things.
Kevin: Yeah, I was.
Al: So I built these massive automatic systems. So like you would have like things that would, you had like an automatic crafter, and then it would automatically, and then something else that would take something out of the crafter, put it in a box, and then another thing would take it out of that box and put it in another crafter.
Al: And so you'd just build up these ridiculous machines that would build things.
Al: So, yeah, I enjoyed that.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I've never modded it, but I'm always impressed by what they come out with, especially obviously Minecraft.
Kevin: That's like king of mine.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, there's a lot of stargy modes as well.
Al: That's a big one.
Al: Obviously, the bigger a game is, the more mods there are.
Kevin: Yeah, that is.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: All right, do a lock town to the turn do lock town into Stardew Mod.
Kevin: Or no terraria.
Kevin: It's just going to be terrari.
Kevin: That's sick.
Al: Yeah, well, that's the right that's the right uh gameplay, I guess, to Raria.
Kevin: Yeah, it's the correct P camera.
Al: Next up, we have Pocopia.
Al: So obviously we talked about the DLC last week.
Al: However, if Kevin has anything to say, he can say it now.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: So, uh.
Kevin: Um, I mean, like, I, well, 1st of all, 1st of all, we got Gerachi.
Kevin: That was just announced.
Kevin: That was not out loud.
Al: Yeah, well, I was going to talk about that, but let's let's let's get to that when we get to it.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: All right.
Al: But 1st of all, any opinions on the DLC.
Kevin: Okay, um, 1st of all, adding the mechanic of diving for free, that is pretty cool.
Kevin: Um, I don't know.
Al: Yep.
Kevin: If these the existing towns are really built for it.
Kevin: Obviously, Bleak Beach has a lot of water.
Kevin: Um, so that will be cool to explore, see and do.
Kevin: Um, I'll throw you around with that.
Kevin: So good for them for releasing that.
Kevin: Um,
Al: My question is going to be how it's going to feel, how it's, how building underwater is going to work, right?
Al: Because if you currently try and build underwater.
Al: It like takes the water away from the block and then if you break the block, the water's weird.
Kevin: And causes problems.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: So have they are they going to fix that?
Kevin: I'm assuming so because that's that is a big problem.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and that doesn't work.
Kevin: So I'm assuming they'll fix that.
Kevin: I trust them.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, we'll see when it drops.
Kevin: very excited.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I'll make some underwater stuff.
Kevin: Obviously won't feel quite the same without the uh, the, the proper town on all the items there that are made for underwater, but uh, But uh, we'll see what I do.
Kevin: create a little underwater village for Piplup or whatever.
Kevin: Um, okay, now for the expansion pass.
Kevin: I mean, uh, well, it's cerulean.
Kevin: So obviously we, people could tell, I looked it up right away.
Kevin: Yes, that is cerulean city underwater.
Kevin: Um, matches the leak.
Kevin: Uh, very cool.
Kevin: Uh, that means we'll be able to probably see Cerulean cave.
Kevin: I don't know what will be in there, but uh, I'm hoping.
Al: There's got to be something.
Al: They're so good at these dregs in this game.
Kevin: Yeah they are.
Al: There's got to be something.
Al: Like, we'll find a master ball somewhere or something like that.
Kevin: We'll find we'll find Mew 3.
Kevin: Um, but...
Al: Well, it's interesting because we, do you think, I mean, it could be something like we just, away, no, because you do get muted to move in eventually, don't you?
Al: if you encounter a 2nd time.
Kevin: Yeah, you can.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I was wondering whether you might just encounter M2 again, but no, I forgot about that.
Kevin: Well, now you can shove in the cave.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You've already got me to.
Al: You already gotten.
Kevin: Yeah, you get the armoured mute too.
Kevin: where you find his armour.
Al: Oh, well, okay.
Al: Perpin and that.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: We'll come back to that.
Al: Yeah, so there's a civilian one and then there's a new features which we don't have a lot of information about.
Al: What's your feeling on that?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Like, because that sounds like there's going to be features that aren't for free, you're only in the DLC.
Al: Interesting that one of the packs is not going to be a new area.
Kevin: I think if I, it's tough because it's already so feature rich, right?
Kevin: What do you add?
Kevin: And that's not the underwater stuff that's already for free.
Kevin: Um, my guess, uh, and maybe this is aiming a little high.
Kevin: Um, another cloud island or something or an expansion to that or something.
Kevin: Um, because there's,
Al: That would feel weird to be locked behind it.
Kevin: It would be, which is why I think a separate one, um, but with all these new, because here's the thing, even after we're said and done, we have all the DLC.
Kevin: Um, I would imagine the Cloud Island still just going to spawn with the base game biomes and stuff, right?
Kevin: Um, and presumably we're going to get other biome.
Al: Oh, so like a a cloud island based on the new...
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Or they can spawn a little bit of everything, stuff like that.
Al: An underwater cloud island.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: And so on and so forth.
Al: I'd like an offline cloud island.
Kevin: That would be good too.
Al: I know that sounds silly.
Kevin: No, I get it. No, it makes sense because it's, uh, Palette Town is, even though it's kind of blank slate, it's still the same spawn for everyone, right?
Kevin: You have the same locations and starting map.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, so getting an RNG, like, re-map.
Kevin: I think that's cool.
Kevin: Uh, you know, oh, speaking of that, maybe we'll actually get like real flat sandbox, like just flatland, do whatever you want mode.
Al: Possibly.
Kevin: I could see it.
Al: I'm also wondering if we might get like a creative mode type thing where you just can have infinite blocks.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: That too.
Kevin: Yeah, I could see that.
Al: That's what, that's what, so my 7 year old Craig, that's what he wants.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: He wants that version of the game because he's he, he, he spends his entire time in Animal Crossing in a, in a dream island so he can just like create whatever he wants.
Kevin: And that's fair.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: He doesn't want to do the building up and the gathering and stuff.
Al: He just.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kevin: Um, and that does seem something they could add.
Kevin: So yeah, who knows?
Kevin: We'll see.
Kevin: It is very curious because for this expansion pass, having one of the updates being just features, yes, it's got to be something of note, you would hope, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: We'll see.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know.
Kevin: Um, the big question I have, uh, how big are these Polkadex is gonna be, right?
Kevin: How many, you know, we're going to get this new town.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't think we're going to get a what, what?
Kevin: What's quarter, 300, like 75.
Kevin: 75 new Pokemon.
Kevin: That be a lot, right?
Kevin: So, um, I'm curious to.
Al: Yeah.
Al: But it's got to feel it's got to feel decent though, for you to buy it.
Kevin: It does have to feel decent.
Kevin: I, it's got to be 50s stuff.
Kevin: It's really big.
Kevin: Um, with only, but here's the thing, 20 spot.
Kevin: at a time, right?
Kevin: So, like, it's got to be at least 40, I think, just so it feels like it's mixing up and it's not the same 20 Pokemon.
Kevin: Um, but we'll see.
Kevin: Um, Uh, obviously, so, you know, all that's cool.
Kevin: Um, very excited to see what costumes you'll get uh, and so on and so, yeah.
Kevin: But I think everyone's, well, not everyone will save me.
Kevin: Um, I think the big question is, okay, looking to the future, right?
Kevin: First of all, what's coming in wave three, right?
Kevin: What town is that going to be?
Kevin: And, you know, we could guess, um, my money's on lavender.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, so I think, yeah, I think it either ends up being something like that or if they have decided that it's just going to be one expansion pack, then it'll be victory road, right?
Kevin: It would be the final.
Kevin: Well, no, no, no.
Kevin: Actually, I take it back.
Kevin: I take it back.
Kevin: We need snow.
Kevin: We still don't have a snow bile.
Al: Where's Snowy?
Kevin: Where's the snow?
Al: Nowhere's snowy Encanto.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the problem.
Kevin: Well, but the environmental screwy, right?
Al: Oh, that's a good point.
Kevin: So...
Kevin: You can pick whatever.
Al: Lavender Town could be snowy.
Kevin: Loavender town could be snowy, frozen cemetery.
Kevin: Um, Frozen ghosts.
Al: Frozen Ghost.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Got to get, got to get the, the, got to get the snow run line in there.
Kevin: Uh, yeah, yeah, something like that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: So there you go.
Kevin: Um, so I, I, I think we'll see snow, whether it's Lavender Town or another location, I don't know, Cinnabar and the Seafoam Island.
Kevin: Who knows?
Kevin: Um, that that would kind of go hand in hand with the underwater thing too, but, um, I think.
Al: Yeah, but it would also feel quite samey, I think, if you did.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right, you're right.
Kevin: too much water.
Kevin: 7.8 out of 10, too much water.
Kevin: Um, Well, either way, snow, I'm following it here.
Kevin: Way through, whatever it is, it's going to be snow.
Kevin: Um, but then the big question.
Kevin: At this point, are they going to do another expansion pass and just go for all of Canto, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Because we're going to get close to it at this point.
Al: I just, I, in theory, it does feel like they would do that, but also Pokemon have never done a 2nd pack for any game.
Kevin: No.
Al: And I know, sure, you can go back to Sergeant Shield and say, wow, Pokemon have never done a DLC.
Al: Sure, fine.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: But that feels like a big change.
Al: And also do people get annoyed about there being 2 additional purchases after that.
Kevin: It does.
Kevin: Well, you know what?
Kevin: Let's get to that in a later conversation.
Kevin: Um, but uh, I'll say this.
Kevin: If there is a gay.
Kevin: Well, feels like Pocopia's already breaking a lot of patterns for Pokemon, right?
Kevin: Like, um, whether it's because they let, um, Omega Force take the reins a little more or they're just, they're really just trying whatever because they have to fill the gap for this year because we're not getting winds and waves. Like, I don't, I don't, I think if any game with to experiment with another DLC pack, it'd be Pocopia.
Kevin: Also, the fact that it's doing really well, you know, both, um, sales wise and and critically, like, I think Pokopia is in a position where they want to do something like that.
Kevin: This will be the one
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Fair, fair.
Kevin: So yeah.
Al: All right, well, let's talk about girache then.
Al: So the girache event.
Kevin: I, Yeah.
Al: Is from the 23rd of June to the 8th of July, you get...
Kevin: Which means that, yes, listener, when you're listening to this, I will be playing Pokopian.
Al: Got to get that discount he finished first.
Al: You've got you've got you've got 4 days.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: I got 2 hands.
Al: You've got 3 days.
Kevin: Shoulder in each one.
Al: Um... So, there's Jurachi, there's a Jurachi.
Al: You will talk to Jurachi, and then you have to go and gather wish notes and to get, no, you get wish notes.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: You get a recipe for wish notes.
Al: Then you interact with other Pokemon, fulfil their requests, which transforms the wish notes into sparkling wish notes.
Al: And then you can use the sparkling wish notes as the currency for the things that Girachi is selling.
Al: Furniture and decor inspired by the starry sky.
Kevin: So this is.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: So this is awesome. Um, in many ways.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Um, Because one, this was going to be the big word, right?
Kevin: Because every time they're going to add a new Pokemon, is it just go on the dream islands and gather the resource? That had already gotten old.
Kevin: I mean, let's be real, got old with hot babe.
Al: Mm-hmm. Yep.
Kevin: Um, So doing this to mix it up?
Kevin: Bravo.
Kevin: Good.
Kevin: awesome.
Kevin: Um, and it's jarachi, so you know, thematically appropriate.
Kevin: That's awesome.
Al: I love the Pokemon centre.
Kevin: And that's the other big thing, the, the, the, like aesthetic, the visual theme for it is fantastic.
Kevin: It's very cute.
Kevin: Pocopia appeals Pocopia.
Kevin: But it's also girachi appropriate.
Kevin: Um, Yeah.
Al: Here's a question.
Al: I can't remember.
Al: I know you can get the recipes to change the Pokemon centre theme of an area.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Can you get the ones for like the temporary Pokemon ones?
Kevin: I don't think you were able to at least not.
Al: I don't remember doing it, but I'd be really sad if you wouldn't be.
Kevin: No.
Al: The other ones were fine.
Al: The hop it one was fine.
Al: The Sable Eye one was good, but this one's great.
Al: I want to get this.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I want to get this design.
Kevin: Well, you know what?
Kevin: That's something they can actually just patch in pretty easily, I would say.
Kevin: So, if it's not in now, it might be with the.
Kevin: Maybe with the uh, the, the water update, the free one, maybe it'll drop.
Kevin: Because you're right.
Kevin: I dont think you can actually.
Kevin: But I do love this one because look at those stars in that.
Kevin: Um, sick.
Kevin: I love jarachi.
Kevin: What a cool little Pokemon.
Kevin: Very, very excited about this.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, I tell you what I want for the in their new features update.
Al: I want infinite storage that I could just throw stuff into and filter it and search it.
Al: I don't want to deal with all these different boxes.
Al: Just give me just give me one black hole, please.
Al: Thank you.
Al: I will pay for that.
Kevin: No, no.
Kevin: Bite you.
Al: I will pay for that.
Al: Infinite interlinked boxes.
Al: Make me finish the pokodex if you have to.
Al: I'm fine with that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Just give me it, right?
Al: Make me work for it.
Al: Fine.
Al: I've already done the work for it.
Al: Give me a.
Al: Okay, there's one more thing to talk about.
Al: We have a little bit of a hint towards some stuff for the expansion back, Kevin, have you seen this?
Kevin: Wait, what?
Al: Serapy posts.
Al: Various.
Al: Hey, see how I I'm citing my source for this therapy.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, there you go.
Al: Various retailers have posted an image for the Pokemon Pokopia expansion pass, showcasing new artwork for the future parts of the expansion pass, including it looks like Pokemon costume.
Kevin: Yep, so that's.
Kevin: Okay, I just made a...
Al: That's Pikichu in a little, uh, Odino costume, I think.
Kevin: Outfit, uh, kind of looks like it has a little wings and a little May thingy frilly thing on top.
Al: Mega Odino?
Al: I thought made, but then I looked at the wings and I'm like, that looks like mega Odino.
Kevin: Um...
Kevin: Sure, which I think is kind of in the same ballpark.
Kevin: Um, Oh my gosh.
Al: We've got Snubble with a little uh, little bow tie on.
Kevin: Little bow tie.
Kevin: I just made a joke.
Kevin: didn't I?
Kevin: Who did I say you could dress up?
Kevin: I can't remember.
Kevin: Oh Mewtw in the armour.
Kevin: It's no longer a joke.
Al: Yep, you did.
Al: As I said, I said, I said, put a bin in it, didn't I?
Kevin: It's no longer a joke.
Kevin: I was right.
Al: There you go.
Kevin: And if anyone's not afraid to do that.
Kevin: It's omega force.
Kevin: Let's see if Pocopi or Pokemon handcuffs them.
Al: This is, that's the thing.
Al: The moment you said that, I was like, hmm, maybe.
Kevin: That's okay.
Al: I could see it.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Kevin: And what's nice is like it, the artwork is is generic.
Kevin: not really locations.
Kevin: like you see the water stuff and and and snubble.
Kevin: Um, so, you know, that could just be part of the wave too, just on the, you know, the costumes.
Al: Well.
Al: So, I'm wondering whether, here's a question, could the pink be a hint? Because on the left, you've got the blue, with the underwater, and then in the middle, you've got the green with some balloons and some bunting, and then the right, you've got pinkiness.
Kevin: And then there's that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Pinky party type thing.
Kevin: It could be, yeah, no.
Kevin: That's when we interpret it.
Al: Could that be a hint?
Kevin: Oh, It is.
Kevin: Oh, not in it is, sorry.
Kevin: It very well could be, because yeah, it looks very clear, like, big update on the left with water, middle update with green party stuff and then write update with pink, whatever.
Kevin: Um, the question is, like, oh, what is, because that doesn't feel like an environment thing, which is what you'd expect from an update, right?
Al: Well, possibly.
Kevin: Or it could be like.
Al: So, we, looking at the original image at the end of the, the 3 parts are bubbly basin, which is all blue, and then the additional new features, which is pink, and then additional new town, which is green.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: We got the well.
Kevin: Oh, you wouldn't say look at it that way?
Al: So they're using the same colours there.
Kevin: I guess you could look at it then.
Kevin: Okay, oh, I didn't catch that.
Al: So green, we got green, we got green, we got balloons, we got bunting, celebration.
Al: Indigo plateau.
Kevin: Okay, so that's actually, oh, you're right.
Kevin: You're right, you're right.
Kevin: No, that is, yeah, you're right.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Okay, other thing, right?
Al: Pink.
Al: We got the we got obviously we've got the costumes, they're going to be coming.
Al: Great fun.
Al: I see sprinkles.
Al: We're going to be bacon.
Al: We're adding to the cookie.
Al: bake as well.
Kevin: Well, for me, should be in the game.
Kevin: I'm just saying.
Al: Also,
Kevin: Or Slurpoff.
Al: Also, sparkle symbols, are we getting shinies?
Kevin: No, no, don't, but.
Al: Kevin, there are the shiny sparkles all over that side.
Kevin: That is a shiny sparkle that you can apply onto Pokemon. It is not, you cannot get a shiny Pokemon.
Kevin: Stop it.
Kevin: Do you want this owl?
Al: Look, look, I'm just using what they've given us.
Al: I'm just saying, that is the shiny sparkle they use in the games for a shiny.
Al: That's all I'm saying.
Kevin: It's shiny from being fabulous.
Al: Tell me I'm wrong.
Kevin: Wrong.
Kevin: You're wrong.
Al: Okay, now believe it.
Al: You don't want it to be Chinese because you'll lose your life to it, but there's part of you that thinks I'm right.
Kevin: I've I've already have.
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Well, here's the thing, right?
Kevin: Like, 1st of all, that, are they going to roll that out to the base game or is it just, you know, wave 3 or whatever?
Kevin: Um, and how is that?
Al: No, I, yeah, I don't know, pay for Chinese.
Al: Why not?
Kevin: Yeah, and then, uh, I do, yeah.
Al: Okay, if it's fashion, if it's fashion, who are we bringing in Pokemon wise, who's fashion?
Kevin: Um, let's see, there's leave, there's a handful actually.
Kevin: There's Leivany.
Kevin: Um, there is uh, fur fru.
Kevin: You could go.
Al: For fruit, yeah, yeah, good one.
Kevin: Yeah, um, uh, heck, you could even argue, um, wormadam, um, making the cloaks and everything.
Kevin: Um, there is, I was trying to feel like there's, no, Sylvia's already in the game.
Kevin: Um, something, it's another Pokemon.
Kevin: Oh, Pokemon of different forms.
Kevin: What am I forgetting?
Kevin: Um, I don't know, there's a handful.
Kevin: Um, uh, I'm going down the the Boba Pedia page now.
Kevin: Um, you've already, you want to be fun, the other Roton forms, that would be fun.
Kevin: Um, Oh, you know, since it's all aesthetic.
Kevin: Throw in the, uh, La Babe is in the Pavilions and...
Kevin: Oh, Oricorio, that's a good one.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that's.
Al: Yeah.
Al: You're just mentioning everything that has forms now.
Kevin: Yeah, well, no, but the ones that seem appropriate to like dress.
Kevin: So I'm going over a lot that aren't.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's that's that's it off the top of my head.
Kevin: Um, I'm trying to think Pokemon, I make clothes.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Yeah, whatever.
Kevin: I mean, leaving is the big one.
Kevin: Oh, you know what?
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Just the general thing about the DLC.
Kevin: Are we going to get like actual NPCs like named character in PCs like Pikichu or whatever.
Kevin: That's what I want to.
Al: Yeah, I think I think...
Kevin: Sure feels like they should, right?
Al: It was such a big part of the story.
Kevin: Very exciting.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It would be weird if they said, hey, pay for more and you don't get any more of them.
Kevin: Crazy weirdos.
Al: All right, I think that's all Pocopia wise.
Al: Don't worry, we will have more Eucopia episodes coming.
Kevin: For now.
Kevin: Sorry, I can't remember.
Kevin: His name is, it's why he does.
Al: All right, next, we have Disney Dream Light Valley.
Al: They've had their 2026 summer showcase stream.
Al: On the 8th of July.
Al: They will be celebrating 100 years of Winnie the Pooh with their brand new adventure, Disney Dreamlight Valley honey glow woods.
Kevin: So 100 years of Disney Dream Life.
Al: Cross through a magical new gateway into the titular honey glow woods, a land inspired by Winnie the Pooh, filled with puzzles, lost secrets, and a fair, yeah, and a fair share of honey.
Kevin: Meaning it's just 100 acre woods.
Al: I don't know why it's not just the 100 acre woods.
Al: That's weird, right?
Kevin: Uh, well, yeah, that's a good question.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know.
Al: You're going to meet Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, and ER?
Al: How depressed will ERB in this game?
Al: We shall see.
Kevin: That's the main question.
Kevin: My hopes my hopes are high, that his spirits are low.
Al: You know, I actually, I heard someone discuss ER and being like, it's actually really nice how he is such a famous character for being depressed, but his friends still love him and include him and everything.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Yes, no, that's actually the best part, like, and there's a lot to him.
Kevin: Like, there's this little stick house.
Kevin: It's always getting knocked over, right?
Kevin: But he goes, he builds it up again.
Kevin: Um, New York is a fantastic character and and I think, uh, a, uh, not a reference point for lack of a better way of saying it.
Kevin: Like, a great example of, of, uh, Depression.
Kevin: Yeah, no, it's great.
Kevin: I genuinely love ER for that.
Kevin: Yeah, no, it's good, good stuff.
Kevin: I love you.
Kevin: very happy.
Kevin: Also, I know I said all the time, but I could have sworn Piglet and who were already in the game.
Kevin: Were they not?
Al: Nope.
Al: But you know the answer to that question.
Kevin: Every time, every time.
Al: This magical place inspired by the 100 acre wood was where you could was where you would spend splendid lazy summers as a kid.
Al: It represents a new space to decorate and make your own with 4 special new areas to discover and progress through.
Al: First is the drowsy bloom acre, a sunny meadow, perfect for napping and smelling flowers, then there's the gloom meadow, a murky marsh full of ponds, puzzles, and rivers, puzzles, ponds, puddles, and rivers, there's also Braveheart Grove, a dense forest area where you and Piglet will face your fears.
Al: Finally, there's the nectar apiary, a hidden glen filled with honeycombs where you find the source of the troubles.
Al: To get to the honey glow woods, you'll use the previously mentioned magical glowing tree.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: You'll also have special new portals on the honey glow woods that will take you right to Scrooge McDuck's store and Shea Remy's restaurant.
Kevin: Source of the troubles. Oh no.
Kevin: The bees are.
Al: Northern Ireland at it again.
Al: Speaking of food, in the honey glow woods, you'll be able to use the honey from the B boxes, to unlock new honey-based recipes and furniture, like warm milk and honey, honey crunch bar, poos, birthday cake, honey pot, lamp, cosy honey leaf, rug, and so much more.
Kevin: They're revolting.
Al: But wait, that's not the only way you'll be able to use honey.
Al: This adventure pack also contains a brand new gameplay mechanic, beekeeping by placing flowers around a busy bee's house.
Kevin: No.
Al: They'll get pollinated, which will generate more honey in the houses.
Al: In addition to this, a fully pollinated busy bees house will double the growth of flowers in the same biome up to their spawn limit.
Al: You'll also be able to move these busy bees houses to any of your other biomes, including your base game valley.
Al: Woofed.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: That's a lot.
Kevin: That is a lot.
Kevin: This feels substantial for me.
Al: Well, that's because it's a paid DLC honeyglow woods will cost 17 US dollars.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: That's a significant amount for this game that has.
Al: You can also buy the base game and honeyglowing woods as a pack for $50 because of course this game needs more ways.
Al: You can buy things.
Al: And there's an early adopter bonus.
Al: Get Disney Dream Life Valley Honeyglow Woods before the 22nd of July to receive a special dream style for Winnie the Pooh.
Al: It is a rainy day coat.
Kevin: It's pretty good.
Al: Disney Dream Life Valley, Apple Arcade edition owners will have access to the contents of the honey glow woods adventure pack on day one without...
Kevin: Oh, weren't they special?
Al: That's how it works for all our placade stuff, but they just feel they need to mention it every time.
Al: We've also got more roadmap in July 2026, a long-awaited villager smashes his way onto the valley.
Kevin: Um.
Al: We've got Wreck-It Ralph coming.
Kevin: He's gonna wreck it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Then September 2026.
Kevin: No.
Al: We will find out more in August what's coming in that one.
Al: And then October.
Al: We will get another showcase stream, deep dive into the next Disney Dreamlight Valley expansion.
Al: Interesting.
Al: I think this is the 1st expansion they've done, which is only one.
Al: All the other ones have been multiple drop.
Kevin: Yeah, it is
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Um, Yeah, no, you're right.
Kevin: That is interesting, but it's a hefty one, so I guess I.
Kevin: Um, let's see.
Kevin: Okay, wrecker Ralph, that's exciting.
Kevin: But, you know, one of my favourite things about seeing Wrecker, Ralph, is how he can't mention any of the characters in his movie, like Sonic the Hedgehog or Zanky.
Kevin: Don't worry about it.
Kevin: Um, the, uh, and then we get uh, the other two.
Kevin: One is a Halloween theme thing, but Jack is already in the game, correct?
Kevin: Jack Skellington.
Al: Yeah, Jack was Jack's in the game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: So who else is this?
Kevin: I don't know, somebody with bats.
Al: Well, there's other characters in that film.
Kevin: Oh, I guess they could just introduce.
Kevin: I forget about that.
Kevin: They can do that, can't they?
Al: I think they've also, I think they've already got, what's her name?
Kevin: It's Oogie, boogie, yeah.
Al: You'd think I would know these people off my heart because I've seen the film so many times now.
Al: Yes, I think they've already got Sally as well.
Kevin: Sally.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It actually could be Oogie Boogie then. Because these next...
Al: Oh yes, that would be excellent.
Kevin: Yeah, it's gonna be, I love Oogie Boogie's one of my favourite Disney villains.
Kevin: So that's possible.
Kevin: And then the last one looks, there's a lot of lights and sparkles.
Kevin: Looks like Princess and the Frog, but we've, Tiana's in the game, isn't she?
Kevin: question mark?
Kevin: I just assume everyone's in the game.
Al: There are so many that I forget.
Al: Right.
Al: Who are we looking for?
Al: Sorry, I've got the list of characters up now.
Kevin: Tiana?
Al: Tiana is in the game, yes.
Kevin: Yeah, Tiana's in it.
Kevin: Yeah, she's in it.
Kevin: Well, it could be.
Al: Sally is also in the game, as is Jack Skilling.
Kevin: Well, I'm just looking at that last one.
Kevin: Uh, last, maybe Naveen.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, it's probably.
Kevin: I liked it.
Kevin: I do I think do think it's fun to have these little guests just based off the the aesthetic they're showing.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, Ricky Ralph, he's gonna wreck it.
Al: He's gonna wreck it.
Kevin: going to reference the 2nd movie because you can't talk about the 1st one.
Al: Well, maybe, maybe they might, you never know.
Al: Look, stranger things have happened.
Kevin: If Sonic the Hedgehog...
Al: Stranger things have happened.
Kevin: No, you're right.
Kevin: Just...
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: If Sonic makes it, I'm in.
Al: Do we think that the final Disney Dream Light Valley will be adding in, what's his name?
Al: Yes, you knew where I was going with that.
Kevin: Sora?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: Will that be the final Disney Dream I Valley is just adding him in?
Kevin: No, but maybe.
Kevin: Oh, what I'd give for that.
Kevin: I'd buy the game store gets added, that being correct.
Kevin: Oh, there, you know, 0 my god.
Kevin: They're going to time it with the Kingdom Hearts 4 release, and it's actually going to be canon in both games.
Kevin: It's going to go both ways.
Kevin: That'd be incredible, actually.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: All right, we've got a couple other small things to talk about.
Al: First up, light your frontier in the run up to the one.
Al: 0.0.
Al: They're adding some small things that they want to talk about.
Al: And the 1st up is that they're going to have a seed mini gun.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Um, okay, no, no, no, that the way I'm thinking about it.
Kevin: No, I like that, actually, that, that should have been already, that feels like the exact sort of thing.
Al: Well, it is being done for one.
Kevin: I want to see.
Al: 0.0.
Al: So I think I think we can, I think we can say as long as it gets in for one.
Al: 0
Al: That's fine.
Kevin: Yes, even that's arbitrary, but yes.
Al: Of course, it's arbitrary, but it's arbitrary, everything's arbitrary.
Al: I think having it in.
Al: By the end of early access is fair.
Kevin: Fine, bear.
Al: Now we can we can argue about whether early access is a good thing.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: But no.
Al: We can argue with how clear early access is, but I think I do think that saying this should be in is fair for one.
Al: 0
Al: That's all.
Kevin: Cool.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, no, I'm done, I'm done.
Kevin: I done.
Kevin: Look, anything that makes the mech feel more like a mech.
Kevin: Um, I'm done.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That's my always been my biggest complaint, and this is the exact sort of thing I want.
Al: You played this game, didn't you?
Kevin: So.
Al: Oh, you didn't.
Kevin: No.
Al: Who played this game?
Al: Someone played this.
Kevin: Not me, Mark, our friend marketed.
Kevin: I know he touched it, I think.
Al: Was it Mar?
Kevin: I think I'm pretty sure it's Mark.
Al: Was it just?
Kevin: No, it was probably somebody else, but I feel like Mark touched it.
Kevin: I could be dead wrong.
Al: Was it Johnny?
Kevin: See, Johnny might have been Johnny.
Kevin: Sounds like I think Johnny would have tried.
Al: We don't have an episode on it.
Al: Apparently.
Kevin: No, no.
Al: Uh, sure, someone was talking.
Kevin: Was it a demo maybe?
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: We'll figure it out.
Kevin: But either way, I haven't touched it.
Al: Oh, maybe it was a demo one.
Kevin: Yeah, maybe it was one of those episodes where you tried demos.
Kevin: Um, um, seed mini getting.
Kevin: Next one needs to be water cannon, like water, everything.
Al: Yeah, someone, so Johnny did it, played the demo for a demo episode.
Al: Demo Bonanza, July 2024.
Al: That was Johnny and You.
Al: Johnny played late year frontier, you played Southfield, and then there's also Rusty's retirement Amika.
Kevin: Yep, I remember that episode.
Kevin: That's where I played Southfield.
Al: I'm presuming Rusty's retirement was Johnny and Mika was used.
Kevin: That's correct.
Kevin: Um, that's weird.
Kevin: I don't remember him playing a dumbo Rusty's retirement.
Al: Well, yeah, there you go.
Kevin: That's crazy.
Kevin: Also, that came out of demo?
Al: Apparently so.
Kevin: What?
Kevin: Um, cool.
Kevin: Uh, well there you go.
Al: Okay.
Al: I just thought it was, yeah, it's I'm probably not going to cover all of their little posts about one.
Al: I just that felt big enough to talk about.
Al: Right.
Al: mini game, seed mini game.
Kevin: Yeah, no, yeah.
Al: Not mini game.
Al: Seed mini gun.
Kevin: Gun.
Kevin: No, no mini game.
Al: Minigon is Miss Naman.
Kevin: Like, oh, is it not a machine gun?
Al: Yeah, but it's right, but it's not a mini machine gun.
Al: It's a mini gun.
Al: But there's nothing mini about a mini gun.
Al: Right?
Kevin: Uh, oh my gosh, I mean, that's a, could be bigger.
Kevin: You can hold he's holding a one robot hand, not two.
Kevin: Well, because the standard machine gun is on its own stand on a tripod.
Kevin: This is why it's mini.
Kevin: I don't know.
Al: I just I just think we're we're saying it's mini compared to bigger guns, but it's bigger than a lot of guns.
Kevin: Look, I'm not.
Kevin: not a weapons expert.
Kevin: It is, but machine gun already starts with an M, and so you just replace the machine with mini.
Kevin: That's that is the entire logic here, huh?
Al: Silly, silly silly.
Kevin: Looks good.
Kevin: I like that skun.
Kevin: That's good.
Kevin: Good for you, gay.
Kevin: Start light your frontier, adding what you...
Al: And finally, Hotel Galactic, some news around this.
Al: They posted endgame loop endgame loop games.
Al: That's a terrible name for a studio.
Al: Just saying endgame loop games?
Kevin: Awful.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: No, bad.
Al: Get a new name.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: Now, I did notice their image just says endgame loop.
Al: That's fine.
Al: Don't call yourself Endgame Loop games.
Al: Just drop the games.
Al: Endgame loop.
Al: Fine.
Kevin: Well, that's the full company.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: is the new developer of Hotel Galactic.
Al: We're Endgame Loop Games.
Kevin: Crazy announcement.
Al: The new development studio behind Hotel Galactic.
Al: We're reaching out today to share some major updates about our studio transition, and most importantly, to reassure you that the future of the game is not just secure.
Al: It's incredibly bright.
Al: Uh, to be completely open with you about why this transition happened.
Al: The games industry is facing some incredibly tough times right now.
Al: Oh, really, is it?
Kevin: We've heard.
Al: An ancient forge, unfortunately, wasn't immune to them.
Al: Balancing a premature early access launch?
Al: Oh, burn. With the intense financial strain of fixing and supporting the game took a severe toll on the company.
Al: Ultimately, they reached a point where they could no longer sustain development.
Al: That is where we stepped in.
Al: We acquired the project along with the rights.
Al: And focussed on making the transition as smooth and painless as possible. For us, a huge part of that meant looking out for the people behind the project.
Al: We are incredibly proud to share that we've brought on as many of ancient Forge's talent developers as possible, and we couldn't be happier to have them on board.
Al: That's good.
Kevin: Mike. Microsoft.
Al: We like this.
Al: Bringing on the developers who actually make the game when you buy the game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: That is good.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Do that.
Kevin: Yes, but also it's really funny.
Kevin: Well, not funny for the people, but like for the game, just thinking, just hand it to a completely different group would be insane.
Kevin: Um,
Al: I mean, that happens.
Kevin: It does.
Al: It has happened a lot of times. Like, what's it called?
Kevin: Yeah, I know.
Al: What's the big one that's coming out soon?
Al: They just, oh, what's it called?
Al: I can't remember.
Al: Autumn, Autumn, something.
Al: Autonomica?
Al: Yeah, autonomica.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: That was taken, that was originally farm folks, and then was bought by another company, and they're just a completely different team building it, and they completely changed a lot about the game.
Al: So it does happen.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Kevin: Um, yeah, no.
Kevin: I mean, okay, but seriously, good for them.
Kevin: I was going to make the joke.
Kevin: I can't believe Microsoft even laying off these guys when they don't work for them.
Kevin: But, um, but, uh, good, good that they hired the, you know, as mostly they could from, uh, the, the previous devs, that's what you want.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that's a wild announcement, like, keeping the project alive, but completely different team.
Kevin: Good luck to them, I guess, because that's that's going to be a transition.
Al: Yeah.
Al: No, that's good.
Al: Obviously, it's going to have delayed more updates to the game because it takes a time, but hopefully they can turn the game around and get it up to what people wanted it to be like these things are hard.
Al: I suspect they released an early access because they needed the money and then it didn't end up fixing it anyway and because the game didn't run very well.
Al: So we will see.
Kevin: For prepare yourself.
Al: We'll keep an eye on it
Kevin: For the birth of a new concept, 2nd early ex.
Al: To our crowdfunding backers, your pledges are completely safe.
Al: We are fully honouring all the car outfunding obligations made by the previous team.
Al: Game keys and physical rewards will be delivered to you just as soon as development and production allow.
Al: We will share concrete details of the exact moment these dates are locked down.
Al: And the game's also on a 70% discount during the steam summer sale, which is not out yet.
Kevin: Expensive for an early act.
Al: Yeah.
Al: But as with always, you do get the game, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, it's not like you have to pay to upgrade it to the one.
Al: So, yes, it's expensive to get in on it, but, well, assuming the one.
Kevin: Most of the time.
Al: actually comes, right?
Kevin: Yeah, that's Disney Dreamlight Valley, how that went.
Al: Well, what?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Yeah, remember when that game was meant to be free?
Al: Bizarre.
Al: All right.
Al: That's the news.
Al: Oh, woo.
Kevin: I think it's a lot of news.
Al: That was so much news.
Kevin: It's good stuff.
Al: I mean, it doesn't have what we spent like half an hour talking about Pocorpio.
Kevin: Yeah, but...
Kevin: Hey, speaking of.
Al: All right, let's talk about DLC and updates.
Al: So I've been thinking about this for a while.
Kevin: So about the Pocopia DLC.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I've been thinking about this for a while and I felt like I needed to chat about it to figure out what the thing is.
Al: There are some games that I will play and I love the game and then I finish the game and then I'm done with it.
Kevin: Therapy.
Al: And then there are games, like, so, because like take, for example, Zelda Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: I played those games for over 100 hours.
Al: I love them so much.
Al: I didn't play any of their their updates, their DSC, DLC.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Pokemon games.
Al: I will obviously play every 2nd that they ever give me.
Al: Starjew Valley.
Al: I have played so much and basically every update except one.
Al: 4 for some reason.
Al: I went back and played off fresh new game.
Al: Pocopia, obviously, I will do the same with that.
Al: Well, not a fresh one.
Al: I'm not that insane.
Al: But with so many games, I just will not have the itch to go back in and I can't figure out why were your thoughts?
Kevin: Well, I mean.
Al: Solve my brain, Kevin.
Kevin: We're okay.
Kevin: This is, there's a lot of factors that play.
Kevin: First of all, cost, right?
Kevin: Like.
Kevin: Yeah, you love the, Stardew is very easy to play those updates because you've only paid for, well, not you, but you, the theoretical player, only played for Stardew once, and you get all that for free.
Al: Oh, nobody pays for Stardew once, Kevin.
Kevin: Well, you know what I mean.
Al: How many versions of star due to you, Kevin?
Kevin: Well, the file.
Kevin: I actually only own the one, but, um,
Al: I don't believe you.
Kevin: Okay, you only paid for once for the file that you're getting the deals or that you're building up that farm, whatever, you know what I mean?
Al: Well, that's a good, that's a good point.
Kevin: The DLC is free.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: That a good point.
Al: So like, I think for the, for the purposes of this conversation, let us can, let us define these terms.
Al: DLC is paid, update is free.
Kevin: Okay, fine.
Kevin: So, okay, so updates are discounting, same thing.
Kevin: Much if the discounting update or do you, whatever you want to go, the update I just played or am playing was paid.
Kevin: I may not have be playing it right now at the very least.
Kevin: Um, because, you know, obviously that's a whole consideration.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, of like, you know, finances and yada, yada, yada, and value.
Al: Sure, sure, sure.
Kevin: So that's step one, right?
Kevin: Is it free?
Kevin: Um, makes it very easy to go.
Kevin: Mine, you know, Minecraft, Stardew, very easy to go to those, right?
Kevin: Um, so, so that's, that's, that's up one in my opinion.
Kevin: Um, as for now looking at the actual content.
Kevin: Um, well, I actually, let me step back up.
Kevin: But also the cost of the DLC itself is going to be a big factor, right?
Kevin: Pocopia is actually going to be a pretty penny, to be honest.
Al: Mhm.
Kevin: It's gonna be like, what, 30 USD something like that.
Kevin: Look up, it's gonna be like...
Al: Ooh, do we have the cost?
Kevin: Yeah, I'm pretty sure they announced it.
Kevin: Um, uh, I'll, yeah.
Al: £30, $35.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: So there you go, right?
Kevin: Like, so that's, yeah, exactly, right?
Al: But we're gonna buy it anyway.
Kevin: But okay, but that's the next step, right?
Kevin: Um, what determines the DLCU or updates you do want to play?
Kevin: Um, First, I think a lot of it has to do with the base game right now?
Kevin: How much you loved it and the nature of the base game?
Kevin: Um, So Pocopia thinks a very good example because Pocopia is very sandboxy and open, right?
Kevin: It's very easy to staple on new expansions, a new town, and you get the warp too.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: And it doesn't feel out of place or bloated or whatever.
Kevin: Um, Breath of Wild is an interesting one in my opinion, because, You know, you, that is a complete, old course meal and experience start, you know, there's a start, there's a finish.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: There a lot in between, but there's, it's like very clear where the finish is, right?
Kevin: So when you're adding in the updates here, you're not adding a 2nd high rule, a 2nd map or whatever, you're kind of sprinkling the stuff in there.
Kevin: Um, And.
Al: Do you know what, I actually lie?
Al: I did try some of the 1st I did actually play some of the 1st deals, Steve.
Al: I didn't pay it because I think it was included in the Nintendo Switch online expansion pack, I think, wasn't it?
Kevin: Yeah, probably not.
Al: So I got it with that.
Al: But I think I think I played the master of the trials and stuff like that, but I don't think I did the 2nd pack.
Kevin: I think it was too early.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, the, well, here here's the thing, like, exactly.
Kevin: This is, I think Brother Wild's a good one because remember they came out with the whole master cycle, right?
Kevin: the horse motorcycle thing.
Kevin: Um, which was a very cool feature and update, but if you'd already beaten the game, what were you going to do with it?
Kevin: You know, like, you go in, you try and drive around a little and it's fun, but that's it.
Kevin: Like, that's not a huge draw.
Kevin: So it, it, it depends like, right?
Kevin: Did you beat the game already, right?
Kevin: Is this DLC going to, is it like a whole new area, a whole new thing for you to explore?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That's a big draw, right?
Kevin: Like even trial of the sword is its own little separate dimension, it's all combat or whatever, but it is something separate.
Kevin: It's not just, you know, kind of stapled onto the high roll map.
Kevin: Um, so I think that that's that's a big part of it.
Kevin: Like, is it something that's really new or just kind of adding something on top of what you've already finished?
Kevin: Um, Oh, Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah, and I think it's interesting because you were talking about when you went back to discounting, you're like, what am I doing?
Al: Where am I?
Kevin: Yep.
Al: That is a huge part of it for me.
Al: And actually might be why Stardew is easier because I just start a new game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And then you're just, you're learning it all over again.
Kevin: Exactly.
Al: You're not having, like, see when you jump into a game and you're like, I can't remember what I was doing.
Al: I can't remember what this game is.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Absolutely, especially you know, the bigger a game is, right?
Kevin: Um, and also kind of depends on the the speed and the progression, right?
Kevin: Because, like, I should put this, like, Pocopia, right?
Kevin: Like, it's, it's kind of a decently sized game, but it's, it's so slow and like, you know, easy paced.
Kevin: It's, It does not take long to get back in the groove of that game if you're in a world away from it for a period.
Kevin: Um, you're not, generally speaking, in the middle of things.
Kevin: Um, Stardew, all right, go back and do the updates, but do from the file you finished.
Kevin: Let's see.
Kevin: Try to remember every single thing you've got going on, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Like that's, that's a tall order.
Al: might be easier this time because I have the game completely finished, but...
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Although next time I will need to redo it because I still don't have the, uh, I still haven't done uh, finished the community centre on my steam.
Al: Because the only steam version I actually completed was the one Jojo route that I did.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I need to do that.
Al: I can't be the only person that doesn't have a community centre done, but has done Jojo.
Kevin: Says a lot about your character.
Al: Wow.
Kevin: Uh...
Al: If all the other actions I did were on my switch.
Al: That's all.
Al: That's all I'm saying.
Al: I did plenty of community centres.
Al: They just all on my switch.
Kevin: There you go.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: So, uh, so yeah, like this is the this is the thing, right?
Kevin: Like how does the DLC interact with the base game?
Kevin: Is this kind of my my thesis here?
Kevin: Right?
Kevin: Are you adding something new?
Kevin: Are you, are you stapling it on?
Kevin: But also, the Bayes game obviously is going to dictate how interested you are in the DLC.
Kevin: Um, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Let's let's talk about Pokemon DLCs.
Kevin: Um, sword and shield.
Al: Hmm.
Kevin: What was it, the uh, Scarlet Violet?
Kevin: even uh, uh, X, what was that game? Lumios, what I, sorry, Legends argue.
Al: Legends.
Kevin: Thank you, thank you, Josh Stunning.
Kevin: Um, the host DLC is very, like, the DLC is almost kind of feel similar in their scope in comparison to the to the original game where they're adding new areas of sorts.
Kevin: Maybe ZA is a little different.
Kevin: But, but let's compare sword and shield to Scarlet Violet.
Al: No, it's still it's still the same sort of idea, though.
Al: I get where your point is.
Kevin: Yeah, right?
Al: But but here's the here's the problem is that's the complete opposite.
Kevin: What what do you mean?
Kevin: Like.
Al: Well, like talking about like new stuff, new stuff is more interesting, but also if the new stuff is too different, then it's a problem.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, well, yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: But here's the thing, like, there, the point I was trying to make with these.
Kevin: So I bought the sword and shield, DLC, I played it, and I enjoyed it more or less.
Kevin: Um, You look at Scarlet and Violet, I didn't get that DLC, and I don't know when I will, if I will.
Kevin: Um, And part of it is because look at the base games, right?
Kevin: Again, they're very similar in nature, those DLCs, but one game I enjoyed way more than the other.
Kevin: So, Like that's a, that's a big factor too.
Kevin: Like, did you enjoy your time in the game? Is it, how's it going to impact your DLC?
Kevin: Like Pocopia.
Kevin: Like we talk about, right?
Kevin: I don't care how much it's going to cost.
Kevin: I'm going to get every DLC because, you know, like games my personality now, but, uh, but, um, a lot of it is is painted by that early experience.
Kevin: Um, but like the ZA, that's a, that's another interesting one.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I haven't gotten it yet, but I do want to get that one because I enjoyed ZI, and that one's interesting because it's, it's, Kind of a new area, but it's not the random thing.
Kevin: Um, Anyways, uh, quite being like, Your experience with the base team obviously is going to influence how what DLCs you get and and enjoy.
Kevin: Um, and again, like I said, these are different factors, different variables of play, discounty, an interesting one because I, I like discounty, not as much as Pocopia, but I'm still playing that update because it's free.
Kevin: makes it a lot easier.
Kevin: Um, right?
Kevin: If the Scarlet Violet DLC was free.
Kevin: I probably would give it a shot just to see the new locations.
Kevin: Um, but the fact I have to pay money for that, like, eh, maybe not.
Kevin: Um, so that's that's kind of the thing.
Kevin: Um, like there's lots of different factors.
Kevin: Um, and and and kind of knobs that you're turning to to determine if you're going to want to DLC or not.
Kevin: Um, let me ask you this, Al.
Kevin: What are some deals Cs or updates that you really love?
Al: Hmm.
Al: Good question.
Al: I really like the sword and shield one.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: I agree.
Kevin: That was a good one.
Al: But part of that might be because the DLC areas were based on the Isle of Man and Scotland.
Al: So, I don't know, maybe I'm a little biased.
Kevin: Well, yes, you clearly are, but that's okay because as someone who is not as biased because of that, um, I think, uh, I think those are good ones.
Kevin: Um, with, uh, and this is another interesting, with DLCs and updates and actually discounting is a good talking point for that too.
Kevin: I think the reason Sword and Shield is so good.
Kevin: It was kind of a refinement of the base game, right?
Kevin: The wild area doesn't quite compare to the, the crown tundra or even the, uh, Isle of Not Man, whatever, that was armour, Ile of armour, whatever.
Kevin: Um, I think that's another good one, right?
Kevin: Is the DLC actually adding not just like an area wide or whatever, but like, does it make the game feel better?
Kevin: That's a big one, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, Scarlet, Violet, DLC, like adding the flying.
Kevin: Yeah, that's that's that's important, um, and probably one of the best things about the DLC, but, um, but,
Al: Yeah, but that was just fixing something, right?
Al: Like...
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but that exactly.
Kevin: That was another point I was about to get to, right?
Kevin: Is it something that should have been there from the beginning?
Kevin: This county is interesting because they're, it's free update or whatever, but like it very clearly should have been there from the beginning, right?
Kevin: Or, or like, the game was was missing.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Um, and it doesn't feel good to pay for that.
Al: I like...
Al: I like to think of stargy ones as being good, but it's hard to pick out a specific one that's good, right?
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like, I like lots of the things that they've done, but is there like, can I pick out one of the Stardew updates as being like the update?
Al: And I don't think I can because it's like, I love this bit from one.
Kevin: Too big.
Al: six.
Al: I love this bit from one.
Al: 5.5.
Al: 4.
Al: I love this bit from one.3.
Al: Like, I like, there's at least one thing in all those updates that I think the game would now feel incomplete without.
Al: But I don't look at them and go, oh, that was, that was great because of Ginger Island.
Al: Ginger Island's fine.
Al: I enjoy it, but like, it's not like that was a, you know, needed.
Al: And it's like, well, you know, one.
Al: 4 is great because it added the movie theatre.
Al: Yeah, sure, but like that on its own wouldn't have been a good update, right?
Al: Like, it's it's a really hard one to figure out.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: And that's, um, yeah, that's one of the things, like clearly, Minecraft kind of has the same thing where they add big updates that has a very clear, like, here's the new area content thing, but also here's a list of 100 other things that affect the base area games.
Kevin: And so it's hard to pick and choose or to kind of separate that.
Kevin: Um, that's understandable.
Kevin: Um, yeah, no, that's understandable.
Kevin: Um, so I'm, I'm thinking because DLCs have gone way back, right?
Al: What about you?
Kevin: Um, Oh.
Al: Oh yeah, well, I guess if we're going to talk, you know what?
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Sims too unleashed.
Al: That was the pets, that was the pets expansion for Simmons too.
Kevin: Tell me, tell me about it.
Kevin: Hmm.
Kevin: Is that something that should have been there from the beginning?
Al: That was a great...
Kevin: Or does it feel like a good add-on?
Al: I think it's a good
Al: I think if I think with Sims 3, it should have been there.
Kevin: Oh, oh, it wasn't that?
Kevin: Okay, yeah, no, that's that's BS.
Al: It was, no, it was a, it was an expansion.
Al: But I think with Sims 2, at that point, it felt fine to be an additional thing, but once you've got that, then it feels bad to go back to not having it.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like, as you got to remember how long ago Sims 2 was, right?
Kevin: Yeah, no, that, yeah, I fully agree.
Kevin: Yeah, no, no, I agree.
Al: Sims 2 1st released in 2004, right?
Al: Like it realistically was a huge game for what it was at the time and I totally see why pets were left out of the base game.
Al: But Sims 3...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, there's no reason.
Kevin: No, that's nonsense.
Kevin: It's BS.
Al: That came out in 2009, 5 years afterwards and it didn't include pets, like...
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Started to up, comes out and no kids at the beginning.
Al: Yeah, well, that's part of that's probably part of his problem, right?
Kevin: Well, some would say that's a.
Al: Um, is he's probably probably adding a whole bunch of stuff to the new game that probably didn't need to be there and if he hadn't added it into Stardew.
Kevin: Yeah, I was about to.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Uh, okay.
Kevin: Um, so let me think of some of my favourite deals.
Kevin: Okay, you know what?
Kevin: Here's an interesting one because, Well, we talk a lot about, or we've been talking a lot about like expansions.
Kevin: Um, But there are some DLCs that do something really different or novel. Um, and the example I'm going to use is is Batman, uh, Arkham City, Arkham Asylum, the Arkham games.
Kevin: Um, have you ever played those?
Kevin: I can't remember.
Al: I have not played them, but I'm aware of them in their general concept.
Kevin: Sure, sure.
Kevin: So I like them a lot.
Kevin: The DLC campaigns, um, were focussed on other characters, right?
Kevin: Here's the DLC you could play as Joker.
Kevin: Here's the deal so you can play as Catwoman.
Kevin: Here's DLC as Nightwing, so on and so forth.
Kevin: Um, and that's pretty cool because that's fundamentally different.
Kevin: A whole different character.
Kevin: Um, and then, you know, the whole game is his combat and and this character action, like, I think that's, uh, I think that's a great example of the LC kind of thing to kind of really flip the formula around.
Kevin: Um, Well, still being, you know, the same type of game.
Kevin: Um, just look at silk songs.
Kevin: There's a DLC.
Kevin: Um, but, um, yes.
Al: Whole other conversation.
Kevin: Well, I mean, it's literally what happened.
Kevin: It was supposed to be DLZ.
Kevin: That they just...
Al: I know.
Al: How much do you want to bet? The country chocolate tier started as...
Kevin: Yeah, probably.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, let's see.
Kevin: I'm trying to think.
Kevin: What other DLCs were good?
Kevin: Um, oh, you know what?
Kevin: Here's here's a good one.
Kevin: This one, I imagine a lot of people might not feel is happy, but I liked it in the end.
Kevin: Um, Mario Kart 8.
Kevin: Like the final version of deluxe with like DLC baked in and then another DLC that doubled the size of the game.
Al: Hmm.
Al: I don't know, I feel like people were generally positive on that because it was adding more and more to it, and I think that there were so many of them, like it doubled the number of races they had.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Kevin: The size was huge.
Kevin: It was, yes.
Kevin: Right?
Kevin: Yeah, no, I think people are generally favourable, but I can also see like, um, getting charged for DLC twice because like me, I owned Mario Kart 8 original.
Kevin: I paid for the original DLC, and then I bought the Deluxe, which had that original DLC, and then I paid for the DLC again when they came out with me once.
Al: Hmm.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yeah.
Al: I also think that there's a lot of issues if there's too many, right?
Kevin: But.
Al: So like we've talked about Disney Dreamlight Valley, which has like 5 updates a year, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: And they're not small.
Al: none of them are small.
Al: They're all adding something.
Al: And is that, I mean, clearly it's too much.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's a that's almost a weird model.
Kevin: It's like, pick and choose your game, which is very weird.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Al: I'll tell you, here's another good one.
Al: The Dave the Diver, Godzilla deals.
Kevin: I was, you know, you can put that across the board for Dave the Diver.
Kevin: And, like, David, I ever did good deal, see.
Al: The Godzilla one in particular, though I thought was great.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: again, something kind of different, right?
Kevin: The whole Godzilla game.
Al: It was different, but it was, but it felt so at home, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like it continued the same gameplay.
Al: It was kind of a new area, but not really, and it was just like a really nice little self-contained story that you could do when you're not too far through the game and I thought it was really fun.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: No, that was a great one.
Kevin: It's too bad it's limited to time.
Al: That's a whole other point, a whole other conversation.
Al: I don't think we have time to get into that again.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: No, no, we don't.
Kevin: Oh, good good stuff.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Right, okay.
Al: So I came into this conversation being like, why do I only play some DLCs and some updates?
Al: And the answer is because of many reasons.
Kevin: Yeah, basically, I mean, it's a complex, and part of it is like people, over the years, companies have done it in different ways, right?
Kevin: They overwhelm you with like Disney Dreamline.
Kevin: Some of them are just expanded.
Kevin: Look at smash, right?
Kevin: All that's DLC.
Kevin: I bought it all because I want the new characters, but it's the same game.
Al: That might be my, my, my lowest played to paid ratio, like, yeah, sure.
Kevin: Um.
Al: I bought all of them.
Al: Did I play any of the characters?
Kevin: Hey, you probably, you selected them all, maybe.
Al: Maybe. I played piranha plant.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I, I, I, I, Piranha Plant was my main for a while, but uh, I wasn't playing as Steve, you know.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: No, I get that.
Kevin: That's fine.
Kevin: Um, but then you've also got Atlas.
Kevin: DLC is baked into a whole new version of the game.
Kevin: buy it and play it again, loser.
Al: Well, I mean, that's what Pokemon did for ages, right?
Kevin: Yeah, Dad, you're right.
Al: I, I, this is this is why anytime anybody complains about the DLC over the 3rd versions, I'm just like, no, I do not want to go back to that, right?
Al: Like it's having having to buy a whole different game and replay the whole game just to get the...
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: No, I don't want to go back to that and I don't understand why you would want.
Al: to
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, there you go.
Al: That's definitely the worst version of DLC.
Al: Don't do it.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Kevin: Don't do that.
Kevin: I think they're good.
Kevin: I think everyone's getting away from.
Kevin: Um, Yeah.
Al: All right, well, I feel like we're kind of kind of there with that.
Kevin: There you go.
Al: Like, yeah, DLC's sometimes fun, sometimes not.
Kevin: How do you buy? DLC is good when it's good.
Kevin: Look what we say.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: And tune in in a future episode to find out about Discounties one and how good it was.
Kevin: Yeah, boy, do I have thoughts?
Kevin: That's, yeah, okay.
Kevin: Well, I'll say that for the episode.
Al: All right, well thank you, Kevin, for joining me.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on.
Kevin: Uh, no, no, you know what, this episode's all right.
Kevin: worried about falling up Chelsea because dang, you guys knocked out a banger, but good job. DLC talk is something.
Kevin: Um, but now I got nothing.
Kevin: Cooper has, whatever.
Kevin: Go find me where it.
Kevin: Uh, tell them about the things, Al, the, the THS.
Al: You can follow the podcast on Tumblr and on Blue Sky at THS Pod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, harvestseason.club.
Al: What do we want them to tell us this time?
Al: Tell us what your favourite DLC is.
Al: DLC slash update.
Kevin: Yeah, tell us about some good ones we forgot about.
Al: Also on the website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including a link to our Patreon, patreon.com slash GHS pod, where you can get bonus episodes, we released one a couple weeks ago about Summer GameFest in general, excluding the Nintendo Direct, which hopefully will have one coming out soon about the Nintendo Direct, specifically.
Kevin: Yep, there's things that happened.
Al: You also get access to a Slack, and you can mock me.
Kevin: You can cry along with the rest of us as you listen to last week's episode.
Al: This week we also talked about a new Stonehenge or an old Stonehenge.
Kevin: Oh yeah, that was speaking of DLC.
Al: It's not really DLC.
Kevin: Yeah, sequel, that was more of a sequel.
Al: uh, it's it's a sequel.
Kevin: Stonehenge 2.
Al: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Al: All right, that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, for joining me again.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Thank you for having me on.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time.
Al: Have a good harvest.
Kevin: Have a good harvest.
Al: Woo!
Kevin: Woo.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Elisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Mike the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Kevin: I can't, you know what?
Kevin: I've been talking about Ozma for weeks and we talk about DLC and I didn't even mention. Socking is free DLC and Ozma, and yes, I'm playing with this.
Kevin: That's why I'm still playing Asuma Sock, and I'm rolling.
Al: Oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Kevin: I'm rolling around sock, and you can't befriend her.
Kevin: You can't change your equipment, but it's full on sock and with voice lines.
Kevin: It's amazing.
Kevin: Great.
Al: Nice.
Kevin: I get to play a game of all.
Kevin: Okay, that's all.